# Breath?

- [ ]  Revise

- [ ]  Review with notes around gravity

Does influence (inflation and deflation?)

Stress and stress release? Tension, relaxation?

Influx from the center of attention of the mind?

The center and selected sum of attention around?

What is in light, observable vibrating / felt particles ?

What does this mean? 
Can this allow you to aleviate a condition ? 

When of the the center from head to tail is off?

That it is the front or back or up or down or left/right.

We can breathe in the sense of gravity or opposite? (damage?)

Flowing around the center of gravity before compressing out. (heal?)

The breath too should engage Dream, Deep and Wake ? Really? How so?

The field of observation, around, above, over all things being the dream part.

The flow inside the field of observation being the Deep, “invisible” force / energy.

The center of attention, possibly center of gravity, center of focus, usually anchored.

Isn’t the Wake the body? Or maybe it is just that it naturally fit in the body but it’s center.

You can be **wake** in the head, wake in the heart, wake in the gut, wake in the groin and etc.

You can be **dream** over environment, over body, over brains and organs, and glands and etc.

You can be **deep** in the flow, in the fields of the brains, organs, and glands. Energy flow in fields.

Wake require? Patience? Will ?
Deep require? Tolerance? Will ?
Dream require? Purpose? Will ?

In breath the organ in the lungs and all that is attatch that you can integrate to your attention sum.

Everytime it is to redo. As you shift away, or too far in the intellect for instance, you need to revisit.

Find a center, find a place of Wake, which might very well be pain, discomfort and learn to stay on.

If you hold it and you feel all around and try to look at the flow in the field of observation & be it.

Then maintaining a balance between the observation, the ground, center of gravity in it, and flow.

???? XD ????? We will have to come back to make sure its not too alien for the common people?

In the breath you are holding two things, the in and the out?

And you are residing in the middle,?

In (the bubble of attention) ?

Out, out the bubble of attention ?

Wake is not the center of energy, it is what gets excited as the flow of the deep flow around or toward the center of energy (focal point).

The Wake is the body, is the anchor because if you can bear the cells, then they can be in the now.

The Wake is ground because it is an undisputable sensation. You can bear it or you cannot!??

Mind act as the channeler. The magician. Spirit as the flowing, the warrior. Soul as the image.

If soul is sick then the body which is the reflect of the image will become or appear sick,

if mind is sick then the mind-body connection which is reflect of harmony will rupture.

if spirit is sick then the body will lack supply, mind will have no supply to source from. 

if soul is unfocus then the destination will be uncertain, hope difficult and faith hard

if mind is unfocus then the purpose will be uncertain, and keeping on going difficult and hard.

if spirit is unfocus then the energy will be leaking or bursting all around, frozen or heavy flow..

 If the observer and channeler, mind, and the being and flowing, spirit, and the image, soul are ill;

- Take time to fix them all, to learn them all, to embrace them all, to accept and nurture them all.
- You are and can alway be or return to be the God behind all of those three; Dream, Deep, Wake
- Be the God, the fields knower and the fields, not limited to any of them and not without any of.
- In the end all organs, all brains, all glands, all pieces will become natural to include in the whole.
- One piece at the time, never emprisoned by it, never controlling it, rather finding a place for it.
- When do you really have the time to do such a thing? It may be more worth than anything else.
- Maybe the life that you want is at the other side of this journey, the other side of this struggle.

Can you make every piece breathe of their own with breathing? Inflating and deflating from center.