# Synopsis

# Anecdote

When I was a little boy, I once asked my brother how he could burp… At the time I was never able to understand is explanation. I was already dissociated from my body. I was a functionning little boy, I was kind and good intented and yet, I was mainly a mental one. In the poursuit of goals and dream much more than experience and helping others.

Nowaday it is easy for me to undersand how to burp, not only did it come naturally at some point and I was able to observe the happening and try and repeat it when the sensation would come naturally but I now have control over the cursor of attention within me, **I have awareness** and I have control over the veil of attention over my body and the environment. (In balance and rhythm)

It is not before 20yo that I realized that I had illnesses, many of them and no hint as to why and no experts to really understand and explain them to me. I always was very self driven, so I decided to start tackling those issue myself. I though had to work really hard to also pursue my career during that time and it was not an easy task, I had to learn, injest and digest so much information of so many fields to find trails that could lead to understanding and solutions. It is around 23-24yo that I trully discovered Neuroscience, I am since then a bit bitter that all that I learned about myself was never thought at school, because with Neuroscience and Physics we can understand so much about ourselves and reality and by understanding we become so much more equiped to deal with things.

# The Goal

Inside this Mindfulness website I do not dwelve particularly in Physics because it may prove to be too complex and non-essential to most people, but know that there is a logical foundation to everything revolving around energy, waves, time and information. We trully are being of lights (information) flowing through time within the Quantum fields and physically within the Higgs field which is one of the Quantum field. If you dive deep into Physics someday you will understand how spooky this reality trully is deep down and how magnificient and magical the foundation of it is.

(rework? sounds weird? about → “which is one of the Quantum field” ?)

For now, this is a summary, a gathering of what might benefit your life, a model that might help you in many facet of your life by understanding what you are and how you really influence your reality and make it what you want, and make it an experience that fulfill your whole being.

# What is to gain?

General understanding, guidance in the path to mindfulness and the path to flow states.
The main purpose is well-being and increased capacity / potential, perspective and health.