# Who Am I?

I am not a communist, I am not a socialist, I am not a democrat.

I am not a pedo, I am not an hetero, I am not pan sexual.

I think the world is broken… we couldn't predict what society would become.

By its default inclusive it tried to aggregate all group when some group can hardly resonate together… it leads to war.. it leads to fear and then fears or lack of understanding can lead to consequences, limitations and frustrations. It leads to an dystopia rathan than an utopia when in reality it's all about perspective and placing yourself as the mind in the right place and not trap in the thinking maze but looking on the other side on one of the many planes.

Reality is quite a thing to be accepted and understood and we have reached a point where all the information is available for you to discover it.

We can achieve anything and only the exploration of a sane imagination is the way. We have to balance the “society” with something stronger, more root.

This is where ideas like coalition-one come in place, nets that are not tied to what may people think about others, but focus on the goal, on the purpose, the progress of things.

Those are not social net because you have no reason to address yourself to the person but rather to the topic of the person. In very clear terms, we are looking for an exploration and a possible answer.

E.g. what is the real concern of an epidemic? Isn't the spread of some virus normal in the first place? Isn't the problem the disconnectedness of the people with their body? Their mind-body alignment? There is after all an immune system to fight all disease, so if you believe in it then it can serve you.

I am a dog, I am a cat, I am a bear, I am a monkey, an eagle…

But am I a human? Or am I an animal pretending to be something more.

My own sets or morales, my own beliefs and values…

Be civilized but don’t be assimilated by the outside.